BUILD_OSX.md, before:

This is a quick description for OSX build of eguan project.

## Quick build

To build the eguan server, you need to install:
- Apple XCode tools suite (download and install from https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)
- Java JDK 7 (download and install from http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/index.html)
- Homebrew (download and install from http://brew.sh)
- gcc version 4.8 (or more) and the build essential tools for the C and C++ code (install details below)
- [Maven](http://maven.apache.org) version 3.0.4 or more (install details below)

Before trying to build, make sure homebrew installation is working and up to date by launching:

       brew doctor && brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup

If everything is OK, launch the following homebrew command. It may take about 1h or more to compile:
   
   brew install maven autoconf automake libtool pkg-config gcc48


Then build the tools for eguan, go in the directory 'tools' and do:

    ./install

The project can now be built (without unit tests execution) in the root directory:

    mvn clean ; mvn -DskipTests -DskipNarTests -DskipNarJniTests -PskipNarTestsCompile -Posx install

## Troubleshooting

Some errors that you can encounter and solutions :
- maven can't find JAVA, check .zshrc (or .bashrc ...) file it should have something like this :

# for java ...
export JAVA_HOME=/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.7.0_45.jdk/Contents/Home/
export PATH=$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$JAVA_HOME/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

- conflict with system binaries, check .zshrc file and add something like this:
# for home brew tools before system one
export PATH=/usr/local/bin:$PATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

For more information, see the linux build page.

Commit message:

Fix build for linux and OSX ...
- no need to include libuuid after all [ wasn't used :( ]
- complete build instruction of OSX, ext2 filesystem tools might be needed,
if the build fails with libuuid errors

Conflicts:
	main/c/ibs/src/gnu/libuuid/include/all-io.h
	main/c/ibs/src/gnu/libuuid/include/c.h
	main/c/ibs/src/gnu/libuuid/include/randutils.h
	main/c/ibs/src/gnu/libuuid/src/gen_uuid.c
	main/c/ibs/src/gnu/libuuid/src/randutils.c

BUILD_OSX.md, after:

This is a quick description for OSX build of eguan project.

## Quick build

To build the eguan server, you need to install:
- Apple XCode tools suite (download and install from https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)
- Java JDK 7 (download and install from http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/index.html)
- Homebrew (download and install from http://brew.sh)
- gcc version 4.8 (or more) and the build essential tools for the C and C++ code (install details below)
- [Maven](http://maven.apache.org) version 3.0.4 or more (install details below)

Before trying to build, make sure homebrew installation is working and up to date by launching:

       brew doctor && brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup

If everything is OK, launch the following homebrew command. It may take about 1h or more to compile:
   
   brew install maven autoconf automake libtool pkg-config gcc48 


Then build the tools for eguan, go in the directory 'tools' and do:

    ./install

The project can now be built (without unit tests execution) in the root directory:

    mvn clean ; mvn -DskipTests -DskipNarTests -DskipNarJniTests -PskipNarTestsCompile -Posx install

## Troubleshooting

Some errors that you can encounter and solutions :
- maven can't find JAVA, check .zshrc (or .bashrc ...) file it should have something like this :

# for java ...
export JAVA_HOME=/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.7.0_45.jdk/Contents/Home/
export PATH=$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$JAVA_HOME/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

- conflict with system binaries, check .zshrc file and add something like this:
# for home brew tools before system one
export PATH=/usr/local/bin:$PATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

- problem with uuid: you may need to install e2fsprogs with homebrew
brew install e2fsprogs

For more information, see the linux build page.
